Hooray, you've successfully checked out Deltacloud Core.

You can find more documentation at the Deltacloud web site at
http://deltacloud.org/

Prerequisites
-------------

Deltacloud Core depends on a number of other Ruby libraries. The easiest
way to install them is to either install the deltacloud-core package from
your distribution's repository, e.g. 'yum install deltacloud-core' on
Fedora, or install the gem with 'gem install deltacloud-core'.

If you don't want to do that, have a look at the dependencies in the gem
spec for deltacloud-core and install them manually.

Running
-------

To get started, run './bin/deltacloudd -i mock'; this will run Deltacloud
Core with the mock driver, a driver that doesn't talk to a cloud, but
simulates being one. It will store data about its instances etc. in
/var/tmp/deltacloud-mock-$USER; that directory will automatically populated
with sample data if it does not exist. Subsequent runs will continue using
the data found there. If you need to start over from scratch, just delete
that directory and restart deltacloudd.

Once you have the server running, point your browser at
http://localhost:3000/ to get a HTML version of Deltacloud Core. If you
want to look at the XML that REST clients will see, simply append '.xml' to
URL's. Deltacloud Core does content negotiation; REST clients should not
append '.xml' to URL's, they should simply set the Accept header
appropriately.

Some operations require authentication. For the mock driver, the username
and password are 'mockuser' and 'mockpassword'. A current list of drivers
and what kind of credentials they need can be found at
http://deltacloud.org/drivers.html.

Happy hacking - and don't forget to send patches to the mailing list (see
https://fedorahosted.org/mailman/listinfo/deltacloud-devel)
